Installation in development mode (#2)
jtsiddons/cdm_reader_mapper: docs/tool-set-up.rst

   curl -OJL https://github.com/glamod/cdm_reader_mapper/tarball/master

Once you have a copy of the source, you can install it with pip_:

.. code-block:: console

   pip install -e .

Or using the `uv`_ package manager to install cdm_reader_mapper:

.. code-block:: console

    uv add .

Development mode
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you're interested in participating in the development of the **cdm_reader_mapper** toolbox, you can install the package in development mode after cloning the repository from source:

> .. code-block:: console
> 
>     pip install -e .[dev]      # Install optional development dependencies in addition
>     pip install -e .[docs]     # Install optional dependencies for the documentation in addition
>     pip install -e .[all]      # Install all the above for complete dependency version
> 
> Alternatively, you can use the uv package manager by adding option `--extra`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: console

    pip install -e .[dev]      # Install optional development dependencies in addition
    pip install -e .[docs]     # Install optional dependencies for the documentation in addition
    pip install -e .[all]      # Install all the above for complete dependency version

Alternatively, you can use the uv package manager:

.. code-block:: console

    uv sync       # Install in development mode and create a virtual environment

You can specify optional dependency groups with the `--extra` option.
```

`uv sync` is the equivalent of `pip install --editable`, but it creates a virtual environment automatically.

.. code-block:: console

   pip install -e .

Or using the `uv`_ package manager to install cdm_reader_mapper:

.. code-block:: console

    uv add .               # Install with no extra dependencies

Development mode
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you're interested in participating in the development of the **cdm_reader_mapper** toolbox, you can install the package in development mode:

.. code-block:: console

    pip install cdm_reader_mapper[dev]      # Install optional development dependencies in addition
    pip install cdm_reader_mapper[docs]     # Install optional dependencies for the documentation in addition
    pip install cdm_reader_mapper[all]      # Install all the above for complete dependency version

> Alternatively, you can use the `uv_` package manager by adding option `--extra`.

Reviewer: For development, I think the user would probably need to clone the repo and install locally (probably with a virtual environment?).

Clone -> Create an environment -> install with any set of optional dev dependencies

Author: You are absolutely right, my bad. That's the result of copy and paste with brain switched off.

Author: I removed the development mode installation from the README. Now, this installation method is located in tool-set-up only. From one extreme to the other.
